Transition from NUS Downloader to NUSGet (#160)
hacks-guide/Guide_Wii: docs/themes.md

::::

:::: tab (Wii) Via NUSGet

1. On your computer, download [NUSGet](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/NUSGet/releases/latest/), choosing the archive corresponding to your operating system. For Windows users, you should get `NUSGet-Windows-x86_64-onefile-bin.zip`.
1. Unzip the archive and run NUSGet.
1. Navigate to `System` > `System Menu` > `Your Region` and then select the Wii menu version you are running. Check the `Create decrypted contents (*.app)` option and then press `Start Download`.

    ![](/images/desktop-apps/nusget/nusget-wiimenu-dl.png)

> 1. Downloads are output to a `NUSGet Downloads` folder in the same directory as `NUSGet.exe`. Open this folder, and locate the `0000000100000002` folder inside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Downloads are output to a `NUSGet Downloads` folder in the same directory as your NUSGet executable. Open this folder, and locate the `0000000100000002` folder inside it.
```
